# Felecia-Bella-Website
As the title implies, this website was created with Felecia Bella, a woman's clothing store, in mind. Therefore, my partner, Hayley Stephenson, and I, Micaiah Rogers, chose a combination of colors that we thought related to women: pink, purple, black, and white. Most of the paragraphs and advertisements in the site came directly from Felecia Bella's current website with only minor editions, and most of the actual items for sale came from other websites because Felecia Bella didn't have much to choose from. Also, when I went back to add pictures, Felecia Bella's online shopping site didn't have pictures on it. I hope that everything is okay now though.
As the main designer, I wanted to do something interesting when creating this website. Adding the linear gradient background and carousel of images were just a few of these creative flourishes with hover CSS being most of the others. The table on the Clothing page was interesting to create because it is very difficult to make a table cell a link without JavaScript. Eventually, Google served me well, and increasing the size of what was inside the table cell allowed the link to work. In comparison to Felecia Bella's current website, ours is less crowded because we kept one subject on one page. when looking for information, it took a confused minute to actually find what I needed to put onto our website.
The fonts change depending on what is being said. For example, on the tops of all of the pages, Felecia Bella's logo is above their motto: "Your happy place." The purpose of the motto's font was to give the site extra energy because it is "jumpy," for lack of a better word. Also on the home page, there is section entitled "About Us." This is typed in normal, legible type because it's supposed to be serious. This trend continues throughout the website as fonts are used to develop certain feelings within the viewer, creating an experience that he or she will not soon forget.
Overall, this was a fun project to sit down and work on because I haven't ever coded before this class. Still, making everything from scratch was a little overwhelming, but figuring it out with help from a few of my friends was very fun. I hope you enjoy viewing our website.
